Bug Fix - bugs for not saving if error happend (#329)
AY2122S2-CS2103-W17-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

* `range deleteperson from/2 to/3`
  * Deletes the 2nd and 3rd contacts in the address book.

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-warning">:rotating_light: **Important Note:**

> The `batch` `range` operation are transactions, it will fail due to one command executed failed and the error message of that error command will show, no data will modify or save. 

Reviewer: Separate the warning to individually batch and range (can copy paste).
```suggestion
The `range` operation is transactional, either all changes succeed or all changes fail (should an operation within `range` fails). Any error message shown is from the failing operation.
```

Author: thx changed

    * Deletes the 2nd appointment in the list of appointments.
    * Then, create a 5-hour appointment named "Contract Signing With Charlie" on 22nd Oct 2022 at 4:30 PM, associated with the first person in the contact list

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-warning">:rotating_light: **Important Note:**

> The `chain` operation is executed sequentially, it will fail until a given command executed failed and the error message of that error command will show, the previous successful command before will be saved. 

Reviewer: This is not accurate
```suggestion
The `chain` operation is executed sequentially, it will execute the commands from left to right until a given command fails. Any error message shown is from the failing operation, and all preceding operations will be saved.
```

Author: thx changed
